welcome to the man of recaps this is
luke cage season two life is good for
luke cage the hero of harlem he's
officially dating the hot nurse claire
things are going great and he's using
his bulletproof powers to shut down
crime but crime has never shut down for
long harlem's new crime boss is mariah
dillard taking over from her cousin
cottonmouth after she killed him last
season shades is her partner and not
just in the business they are dating i
don't judge but i mean there's a bit of
an age difference mariah wants out to
the crime game though she's got an
insider trading deal in the works that
would make all her money legit but to
raise money for the initial investment
she's got to sell her gun business to
another
gang this guy makes a plan to blow up
luke cage but oh that doesn't work he's
fine he's got a backup plan though a
judas bullet yeah the super strong
bullets that almost took him out in
season one but when they did the surgery
with the acid bath it appears to have
made him even stronger judas bullets no
longer affect him
takes this guy out he goes to see mariah
like yo whatever deal you're working on
i'm gonna shut it down but over in
brooklyn there's a new leader of the
jamaican gang bushmaster and he has some
sort of personal beef with mariah
think you can tackle mariah de la tech
yeah remember dillard is her dead doctor
husband's name she was born mariah
stokes granddaughter of the original
harlem crime boss mama mabel bushmaster
is a super awesome breakdance fighter
and more importantly than that
he is also bulletproof his powers come
from the mystical jamaican herb
nightshade which makes him super strong
but takes a toll on the body nightshade
only grows in jamaica though to get some
here in new york he's got a visit in
alternative medicine dr tilda who by
coincidence is mariah's estranged
daughter that she's just trying to
reconnect with now the next person
mariah tries to sell her guns to is
cockroach a real bad dude who beats his
girl and kid so when luke cage busts in
oh he goes a little too hard on him he
almost kills this guy
claire's like hey luke we should talk
about your anger issues but to prove he
doesn't have anger issues he punches a
hole in the wall so claire's like yeah
i'm gonna go stay with my mom we're
officially on a break so luke cage
focuses on work knows the next person
mariah would sell her guns to is this
bushmaster guy
the gun deal mariah dillard ain't have
stokes
mariah stokes they've never dealt with
luke cage before so they test him and
find out he is indeed indestructible so
he's like yo harlem is my yard you stay
out but bushmaster gets all jacked up on
nightshade goes to fight luke cage and
ho
kicks his butt so shades goes to make
the gun deal with bushmaster i'm here on
behalf of mariah dillard stokes
mariah stokes bushmaster is playing nice
for now he buys all the guns and the
stock deal goes through mariah's legit
super rich but then bushmaster visits
her at harlem's paradise lets it be
known that he's got some personal beef
with her
pleasure doing business with you in
stocks dillard
[ __ ] so when councilwoman mariah
dillard is opening up her family first
community center oh
heads on bikes bushmaster kidnaps her
money man so luke cage has to bust in
and save him he wants to bring him to
the cops to take mariah down but
bushmaster's goons keep coming so luke
cage calls him up to settle this like
gentlemen
with an old-fashioned street fight
they're about equal in strength but
bushmaster's faster with his epic flippy
kicks luke still gets the upper hand
until bushmaster pulls out the pocket
sand yeah it's more mystical jamaican
herbs that paralyzes luke so
oh kicked off the bridge luke's skin may
be indestructible but he definitely can
drown luckily the paralysis wears off
just in time but now bushmaster has the
money man nicknamed piranha and it's
like hey transfer all of mariah's money
to me
whatever y'all got going against mariah
dillard mariah stokes
mariah stokes so luke teams up with
detective misty knight who remember lost
her arm to a katana in the defenders
luckily danny rand is super rich hooked
her up with the robot arm and she kicks
just as much butt as ever but they're
too late piranha is fed to the piranhas
and mariah is broke bushmaster goes
mariah's house and finally explains the
backstory back in the day the stokes
were equal partners with his jamaican
family but mama mabel tried to cut him
out in fact they threw in the bushmaster
rum lit his house on fire young
bushmaster escaped but his mama didn't
so yeah his grievance with the stokes
family is very legit now he lights
mariah's house on fire and leaves her to
die so bushmasters finally had his
revenge
and claimed harlem as his birthright but
luke cage got there in time to save her
he wants mariah to go to jail not burn
when bushmaster gets the news he is mad
puts a million-dollar bounty on mariah
and luke the cops go to see him but they
can't prove anything you put a bounty
out on mariah tillen
stokes i know the bounty includes their
families too so luke's got to visit his
estranged father the reverend
he's been reaching out to look all
season but he was a bad father they've
got issues but they eventually work him
out so luke brings everyone to layla at
an abandoned rand building where mariah
talks to her daughter and reveals a big
secret
dr dillard isn't her real father it is
mariah's sexually abusive
uncle pete this just got heavy meanwhile
a million-dollar bounty is enough to
turn this one cop mariah dillard
is that office token mariah stokes
oh yes bushmaster rolls up and it's a
rematch with luke cage but his
nightshade's wearing off luke handley
beats him this time and bushmaster's off
to jail of course that doesn't last he
somehow smuggled in
a bomb and boom blows up the van and
vanishes without a trace now who's this
coming in it's billionaire danny rand
the iron fist what do you think man time
for a team up episode
hell yeah and these two go kick some
butt superhero team-up style
unstoppable force immovable object blam
superpower combo
meanwhile piranha's money transfer was
deemed illegal so mariah is rich again
and she's ready for revenge
mr please
the name is stokes mariah
stokes she shoots up the whole jamaican
restaurant all of bushmasters innocent
friends and relatives
and lights his uncle on fire but now
shades is like yo mariah's crossed a
line now early this season shade's best
friend comanche was just released from
prison he never approved of shades of
mariah's relationship not just because
of the age difference but because back
in prison these two were lovers but
comanche was released from prison as an
informant for the police chief and when
sheedz is about to find out he doubles
down and
shoots the guy but shades doesn't
believe his story and oh he shoots
comanche
his best friend and prison lover this
breaks him so after shades and mariah
break up he goes to the cops he's ready
to flip on mariah she's gotta go down
they need harder evidence than just his
confession though they want mama mabel's
antique unique gun that mariah just used
to kill a guy so shades goes back
pretends to apologize but mariah figures
him out immediately but bushmaster is
still out there forces tilda to heal him
with some more nightshade but when they
go to the jamaican restaurant and see
what her mother's done she's like yo
bushmaster you're the good guy in all
this
i'm gonna make you a super nightshade
shot so you can go kill my mom so
bushmaster hulk's out goes on a rampage
he's gonna kill mariah but once again
luke cage and misty have to save
mariah's life so they can get her to
jail it's an epic fight but boom luke
cage knocks out bushmaster he runs out
of there and finally this nightshade's
taking too much of a toll on him he's
just going home to jamaica but now the
cops have their smoking gun
and mariah stokes dillard finally under
arrest but mariah is still very rich and
starts killing anyone who's ever worked
for her so
she might get off so her daughter comes
to see her like hey mom you're super
evil kisses her on the lips which is
only something you do if you've got the
game of thrones poison lipstick luke
cage happened to be there for one last
chat and so mariah dies in his arms but
now there's a power vacuum in harlem as
rival gangs moving in violence in the
streets salute goes to see the italian
boss and after testing they realize they
can't take him out but it's like hey you
may be invincible but you're still just
one man you can't stop all crime in the
city by just running around being a
vigilante looks like you know what
you're right consider me the new boss of
harlem
don't be coming in doing crime in my
territory in fact in mariah's will she
left harlem's paradise to luke cage
hoping that being the king would corrupt
him but luke doesn't want to be the king
he considers himself more of a sheriff
detective misty knight's like yo luke um
are you a crime boss now he's like no no
i'm more like the boss of crime listen
i'm sorry to say this man but if you're
going to be the boss
of crime then you're a crime boss and
indeed the final scene is an homage to
the godfather with them closing the door
on her while luke does business
will luke cage lose himself going down
this path find out maybe never cause the
show's cancelled
and that's how season two comes to an
end if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member